Solana poller integration (#34)
streamingfast/firehose-core: CHANGELOG.md

Operators, you should copy/paste content of this content straight to your project. It is written and meant to be copied over to your project.

If you were at `firehose-core` version `1.0.0` and are bumping to `1.1.0`, you should copy the content between those 2 version to your own repository, replacing placeholder value `fire{chain}` with your chain's own binary.
## UNRELEASED

> * Poller is now fetch block in a optimized way, it will fetch several blocks at once and then process them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Poller is now fetching block in an optimized way, it will fetch several blocks at once and then process them.
```

* Fix `-c ""` not working properly when no arguments are present when invoking `start` command.

> * Tools printing Firehose `Block` model to JSON now have `--proto-paths` take higher precedence over well-known types and even the chain itself, the order is `--proto-paths` > `chain` > `well-known` (so `well-known` is lookup last).

Reviewer: Those and below are coming from version v1.1.0, remove this.
